# Synchronously executed Interpreted Time Petri Nets (SITPNs)

This computer program is a Coq implementation of the SITPN formalism
(Synchronously executed Interpreted Time Petri Net with priorities),
including its structure, its formal semantics, and an additional verified 
token player program.

The SITPN formalism is used in the description of critical digital
system models in the HILECOP methodology [Leroux15][Leroux15]. The
HILECOP methodology is a full fledged process to design, analyze and
synthetize critical digital systems.

## Build the project

### Pre-requisites

You must install Coq v.8.9 (or >) before trying to build the project.
You also need `make`. 
All following commands must be executed in the directory containing 
this README file.

### Building procedure

To generate all the .vo files, thereby checking the proof, just type `make`
under your local repository. Type `make clean` if you want to delete the files
generated by a previous build procedure. 

## Project architecture

- **common** : contains general-purpose types, functions, lemmas and
  	      tactics used in the project.

- **sitpn** : 
   - sitpn/simpl: contains the SITPN token player program, the implementation of
     the SITPN semantics, along with the proofs of correctness (SitpnCorrect.v)
     and completeness (SitpnComplete.v) between the token player program
     and the semantics.
     
   - sitpn/dp: contains an implementation of the SITPN semantics using 
     dependent-types.
	      
- **test** : Contains examples of SITPN models (\*.ndr files in the
              examples/ folder, tina format for Petri nets), and the
              corresponding Coq implementations.

## License

This software is governed by the CeCILL-C license under French law and
abiding by the rules of distribution of free software.  You can use,
modify and/ or redistribute the software under the terms of the
CeCILL-C license as circulated by CEA, CNRS and INRIA at the following
URL "http://www.cecill.info".

## Bibliography

[Leroux15]: H. Leroux, D. Andreu, et K. Godary-Dejean, « Handling Exceptions in Petri Net-Based Digital Architecture: From Formalism to Implementation on FPGAs », IEEE Transactions on Industrial Informatics, vol. 11, nᵒ 4, p. 897‑906, août 2015, doi: 10.1109/TII.2015.2435696.
